feat(content): Changes to Pre-war Missions (#9924)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/human missions.txt

	name "Fiance to <planet>"
	description "Tom, formerly a marketer for the Syndicate, is going to live with his fiance on <destination>. Payment is <payment>."
	source
		government "Syndicate"
		attributes "core"

> 		attributes "urban"

Reviewer: Can this be merged with the attribute above?

	passengers 1
	on offer
		conversation
			`Walking through the spaceport, you see a man in a very neat suit standing by the side of the concourse holding a sign reading "Transport To <planet>" in beautiful lettering.`
			choice
				`	(Walk towards him.)`
				`	(Ignore him.)`
					decline
			`	He turns a very professional smile on you and introduces himself. "My name is Tom Ardwright. My fiance is the Agriculture Minister on <destination>, down in the Free Worlds. We had planned to get married up here in a few months, but, well..." He gestures around at the general situation. "So I'm heading down to <planet> instead. Can you help?"`
			choice
				`	"You're in luck; I'm the captain of the <ship>."`
					goto take
				`	"I can't help."`

> 			`	Tom sighs and nods. "Thanks for hearing me. Best of luck, wherever you end up."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Tom sighs and nods. "Thanks for hearing me out. Best of luck, wherever you end up."`
```

	on complete
		payment
		payment 10000
		log "Minor People" "Tom and Carl" `Tom Ardwright was a marketer for the Syndicate, but moved south to live with his fiance Carl Chamberlain after war broke out.`
		event "tom and carl's wedding" 60
		conversation
			`During the trip to <destination>, you had several conversations with Tom on a wide range of topics, including his fiance, Carl, as well as his job as a marketer and designer for a division of Syndicated Systems - at least until he quit. "It'll be a shame to see my work for the Syndicate be replaced, but I don't regret leaving. Carl's got big plans in store for <planet>, now that we aren't stuck with the Republic's shoestring budget, and I wouldn't miss them for the galaxy."`
			label landing

> 			`	The trip south seems to fly by, and soon you are standing at the foot of the ramp accepting Tom's fare of <payment> and bidding him farewell as Carl runs across the tarmac toward you. You step back as they practically leap into each other's arms, reuniting in spite of these tumultuous times.`

Reviewer 2: What's with the label here? This conversation has two lines of text. A label between them seems very strange.

The second lines seems kind of strange, as well.
"The trip south seems to fly by," sounds like it's beginning the discussion of the trip, but we've actually already had a line discussing the trip.

Author: ```suggestion
			`During the trip to <destination>, you had several conversations with Tom on a wide range of topics, including his fiance, Carl, as well as his job as a marketer and designer for a division of Syndicated Systems - at least until he quit. "It'll be a shame to see my work for the Syndicate be replaced, but I don't regret leaving. Carl's got big plans in store for <planet>, now that we aren't stuck with the Republic's shoestring budget, and I wouldn't miss them for the galaxy."`
			`	You stand at the foot of the ramp accepting Tom's fare of <payment> and bidding him farewell as Carl runs across the tarmac toward you. You step back as they practically leap into each other's arms, reuniting in spite of these tumultuous times.`
```
